Update performance.md (#494)
Roblox/luau: docs/_pages/performance.md

## Optimized table iteration

Luau implements a fully generic iteration protocol; however, for iteration through tables in addition to generalized iteration (`for .. in t`) it recognizes three common idioms (`for .. in ipairs(t)`, `for .. in pairs(t)` and `for .. in next, t`) and emits specialized bytecode that is carefully optimized using custom internal iterators.

As a result, iteration through tables typically doesn't result in function calls for every iteration; the performance of iteration using generalized iteration, `pairs` and `ipairs` is comparable, so generalized iteration (without the use of `pairs`/`ipairs`) is recommended unless the code needs to be compatible with vanilla Lua or the specific semantics of `ipairs` (which stops at the first `nil` element) is required. Additionally, using generalized iteration avoids calling `pairs` when the loop starts which can be noticeable when the table is very short.

Iterating through array-like tables using `for i=1,#t` tends to be slightly slower because of extra cost incurred when reading elements from the table.

## Optimized table length

> Luau tables use a hybrid array/hash storage, like in Lua; in some sense "arrays" don't truly exist and are an internal optimization, but some operations, notably `#t` and functions that depend on it, like `table.insert`, are defined by the Luau/Lua language to allow internal optimizations. Luau takes advantage of that fact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Luau tables use a hybrid array/hash storage, like in Lua; meaning "arrays" doesn't exist and is just an internal optimization, but some operations, notably `#t` and functions that depend on it, like `table.insert`, are defined by the Luau/Lua language to allow internal optimizations. Luau takes advantage of that fact.
```

Author: ESL but is "arrays" really singular? 🤔

Reviewer 2: It is not.

I think your prose is good as-is.
